Add hint to enable block device use for storage (#32)
Mic92/nixos-shell: README.md

Notice that for this option to become effective you may also need to delete previous block device files created by qemu (`nixos.qcow2`).

> Also note, that in some cases you might want to use nixos-shell as a remote builder provider, to enable storing changes to the nix store in the block device rather than in tmpfs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that changes in the nix store are written to an overlayfs backed by tmpfs rather than the block device
that is configured by `virtualisation.diskSize`. This tmpfs can be changed however by using:
```
